Adding edits from review (#15511)
docker/docker.github.io: compose/environment-variables.md

Compose file, or used to configure Compose, in an [environment file](env-file.md)
named `.env`. The `.env` file path is as follows:

>   - Starting with `+v1.28`, `.env` file is placed at the base of the project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Starting from `v1.28`, the `.env` file is placed at the base of the project directory.
```

  - Project directory can be explicitly defined with the `--file` option or `COMPOSE_FILE`
  environment variable. Otherwise, it is the current working directory where the `docker compose` command is executed (`+1.28`).

>   - For previous versions, it might have trouble resolving `.env` file with `--file` or `COMPOSE_FILE`. To work around it, it is recommended to use `--project-directory`, which overrides the path for the `.env` file. This inconsistency is addressed in `+v1.28` by limiting the file path to the project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For versions older than `v1.28`, it might have trouble resolving `.env` file with `--file` or `COMPOSE_FILE`. To work around it, it is recommended to use `--project-directory`, which overrides the path for the `.env` file. This inconsistency is addressed in `v1.28` by limiting the file path to the project directory.
```
